ceph: add support for wal device for OSD on PVC (#5580)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-cluster-crd.md

          volumeMode: Block
          accessModes:
            - ReadWriteOnce

>       - metadata:

Reviewer: If we are going to add this example to the documentation, we should also describe when it should be used. To keep the current example of the metadata device simpler, we should likely create a new example instead of adding to this example.

>           name: waldata

Reviewer: If this option is specified, is the `metadata` template required? Or what happens if only `data` and `wal` are specified?

Author: It is a good question, actually the ceph-volume for bluetore support the following cases:
1. A block device, a block.wal, and a block.db device
2. A block device and a block.wal device
3. A block device and a block.db device
4. A single block device
so I will rework the code to support all the  cases.
It will be a little complicated, when you assign 2 devices, we have 2 conditions, block + block.db and block + block.wal.

Author: I am working on the re-construction to support the 4 options for block, db and wal.  But there is a problem:

In pkg/daemon/ceph/osd/daemon.go Provision() function, I have to add rawDevices by there bluestore partition types: data, metadata or wal, currently the implementation is depends on the index and length of agent.devices (index 0 for block, 1 for metadata, 2 for wal), if I rework to based on the actual configurations in volumeClaimTemplates yaml, I need to get the osds.DesiredStorage.VolumeSources, but it is hard to get the hander of osd manager (osds) from daemon

Do you have any suggestion for it?

Reviewer: @silverhandy There was a recent change that will hopefully simplify your implementation of this feature. With #5825, the osd settings are passed through json serialization instead of through raw index parsing. Please rebase on that change and see if that helps answer the question. There are a number of merge conflicts now for this PR, so feel free to ping us in the #ceph-dev channel in the Rook Slack for help with that.

Author: I have updated the PR and verified all the 4 cases as following, it is depend by device type not index.
1/ A block device, a block.wal, and a block.db device
2/ A block device and a block.wal device
3/ A block device and a block.db device
4/ A single block device

        spec:
          resources:
            requests:

>               # Find the right size https://docs.ceph.com/docs/mimic/rados/configuration/bluestore-config-ref/#sizing

Reviewer: Let's use links to the master documentation instead of mimic. Looks like we have a similar link above to fix as well.

              storage: 5Gi
          # IMPORTANT: Change the storage class depending on your environment (e.g. local-storage, gp2)
          storageClassName: io1
          volumeMode: Block
          accessModes:
            - ReadWriteOnce
```

> **NOTE**: Note that Rook only supports two naming convention for a given template:

* "data": represents the main OSD block device, where your data are being stored
* "metadata": represents the metadata (including block.db and block.wal) device used to store the Ceph Bluestore database for an OSD.

> * "waldata": represents the block.wal device used to store the Ceph Bluestore database for an OSD. If this device is set, "metadata" device will refer specifically to block.db device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* "wal": represents the block.wal device used to store the Ceph Bluestore database for an OSD. If this device is set, "metadata" device will refer specifically to block.db device.
```

> * "waldata": represents the block.wal device used to store the Ceph Bluestore database for an OSD. If this device is set, "metadata" device will refers specifically to block.db device.

Author: done.

        spec:
          resources:
            requests:
              # Find the right size https://docs.ceph.com/docs/master/rados/configuration/bluestore-config-ref/#sizing
              storage: 5Gi
          # IMPORTANT: Change the storage class depending on your environment (e.g. local-storage, io1)
          storageClassName: io1
          volumeMode: Block
          accessModes:
            - ReadWriteOnce
```

> **NOTE**: Note that Rook only supports three naming convention for a given template:

* "data": represents the main OSD block device, where your data is being stored.
* "metadata": represents the metadata (including block.db and block.wal) device used to store the Ceph Bluestore database for an OSD.
* "wal": represents the block.wal device used to store the Ceph Bluestore database for an OSD. If this device is set, "metadata" device will refer specifically to block.db device.
It is recommended to use a faster storage class for the metadata or wal device, with a slower device for the data.
Otherwise, having a separate metadata device will not improve the performance.

> The bluestore partition has the following reference conbinations, this supported by ceph-volume utility:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bluestore partition has the following reference combinations supported by the ceph-volume utility:
```

          storageClassName: gp2
          volumeMode: Block
          accessModes:
            - ReadWriteOnce
```

* A "data" device and a "metadata" device.
```yaml
  storage:
   storageClassDeviceSets:
    - name: set1
      count: 3
      portable: false
      tuneDeviceClass: false
      volumeClaimTemplates:
      - metadata:
          name: data
        spec:
          resources:
            requests:
              storage: 10Gi
          # IMPORTANT: Change the storage class depending on your environment (e.g. local-storage, gp2)
          storageClassName: gp2
          volumeMode: Block
          accessModes:
            - ReadWriteOnce
      - metadata:
          name: metadata
        spec:
          resources:
            requests:
              # Find the right size https://docs.ceph.com/docs/master/rados/configuration/bluestore-config-ref/#sizing
              storage: 5Gi
          # IMPORTANT: Change the storage class depending on your environment (e.g. local-storage, io1)
          storageClassName: io1
          volumeMode: Block
          accessModes:
            - ReadWriteOnce
```

> * A "data" device and a "wal" device.

Reviewer: Do we need to document this case? I thought if they want to specify a `wal` device, they should likely also specify a `metadata` device.

Author: Do you means add the description in Rook documentation in this case? not sure where to add.
I just add some description in this case of ceph-cluster-crd.md.
